Add the blog for moving between commits in git (#39)
tsl143/itsopensource: content/blog/how-to-move-forward-and-backward-between-commits-in-git/index.md

---
title: 'How to move forward and backward between commits in git'
date: "2020-10-01"
description: How to move forward and backward between commits in git
tags:
  - git
  - tricks
  - how-to
show: true
author: shivam
featuredImage: ../../assets/git.jpg
---

> We always keep moving forward and backward between commits in `git`. What if you want to see the commit hash of the forward commits after checked out on previous commits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We always keep moving forward and backward between commits in `git`. Once you checked out a previous hash `git log` no more shows the next commits, we end up rebasing or resetting, but git provides a way to see all the commits, and we can checkout the next commits too from a previous state.
```

> The simple and most easy way to do that is to use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The simple and easiest way to do this is:
```

```bash
git log --online --all
```

> Lets see one example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider this example:
```
